Whether you hike, bike, run, or walk, AllTrails is your companion and guide to the outdoors. Find detailed reviews and inspiration from a community of trail-goers like you. We’ll help you plan, live, and share your outdoor adventures.

AllTrails offers more than a running app or fitness activity tracker. It’s built on the idea that the outside isn’t a place to seek, but rather a part of us all. Custom route planning helps you search for dog-friendly, kid-friendly, stroller-friendly, or wheelchair-friendly trails, and more.

◆ Discover trails: Search over 450,000 trails around the world by location, interest, skill level, and more.
◆ Plan your next adventure: Get in-depth trail info, from reviews to conditions to GPS driving directions — and save your favorite trails for later.
◆ Stay on course: Stick to your planned route or chart your own course with confidence when you navigate on the trail with your phone or Wear OS device. Use Wear OS to leverage tiles and complications to start and monitor your activities.
◆ Grow your community: Celebrate outdoor adventures and find inspiration by connecting with trail-goers like you.
◆ Share your outdoor adventures: Easily post trails and activities on Facebook, Instagram, or WhatsApp.

Discover trails that fit your nature. Trails for workout planners, hikers, walkers, mountain bikers, trail runners, and casual cyclists. Whether you’re pushing your limits or pushing a stroller, there’s something out there for everyone. Let AllTrails help you find it.

► Do more outdoors with AllTrails+ ►
Spend less time figuring out where you want to be, and more time enjoying where you are. With offline maps, wrong-turn alerts, and extra safety and planning features, your annual subscription gives you more tools for more adventures.

◆ Search by distance from you to find the closest trails.
◆ Stay informed with live route planner details like air quality, pollen, and light pollution.
◆ Unplug completely or pack a backup with printed maps.
◆ Download offline maps ahead of time and track your GPS location, even with no cell service.
◆ Keep loved ones in the loop with Live Share.
◆ Prepare for the hills ahead: Follow topo maps and trail maps in 3D.
◆ Focus on the view, not the map, with wrong-turn alerts.
◆ Get satellite weather with real-time map details.
◆ Record your activity with stats and photos of your favorite hiking trails.
◆ Give back: AllTrails donates a portion of every subscription to 1% for the Planet.
◆ Explore ad-free: Remove occasional ads by subscribing

Whether you’re geocaching in a national park, browsing bucket-list mountain bike routes, or planning a trail run to clear your head, AllTrails+ makes the great outdoors even greater.
